before i begin let me start by saying
this is the story
for nobodies who became famous
performing acts nobody should have
needed
like the kardashians don't be mad at me
mama wrote that joke
those stars of our movie today are
garfield why don't you jump on a dress
like a bavarian fruit cake
one blue brother dr betts and
ripley flav
our story begins with a single librarian
who's about to have a close encounter
with the supernatural after which you
will experience a serious truffle drop
burning hell this says burning hell and
here we meet dr peter venkman who enjoys
conducting experiments where he shocks
the truffles out of guys
and tries to root for truffles on the
girls big
introductory stance interrupting famous
truffle hunt
but he's still gonna try she's too young
for you this
puke worthy now into some brains thank
god
that's dr egon spangler peter raygun the
faux intellectual equivalent of larry mo
and curly
they all gathering to get boots on the
ground of this supernatural crime scene
where venkmans say a bunch more
misogynistic
pole single librarian and make mama just
look at him like this
so they go downstairs where it looks
like somebody done blow they covered
mucus all over the card catalog
and they see this ghost who are
obviously not an old bit so they huddle
together to determine if any of them can
speak old british
soul feng man walks out and say
something like hi i'm dick
i'm a peter i mean he would if he was
being honest
and she pulls a galadriel if galadriel's
breath was stinky
so the students dropped some troubles of
their own and curly shuffle right out
that
later the dean is packing their duds to
ship them on their way and he's like
we are defunding your groups project
because you are looking raggedy and
ain't doing [ __ ]
so the nickname peter convinces ray that
it's in peter's best interest to borrow
money
on the home his parents left him because
we all know ghost hunting is all about
them big bucks
and you gotta have money to make their
equipment to zap them ghosts in their
big bucks
so they buy a dilapidated old firehouse
from mrs roszini an old hooptie hurts
they can barely roll
and a high secretary named janine who
asks lee gun
do you have any hobbies and he's like i
collect sparse molds and truffles
meanwhile this lady dana sees a
commercial for the newly incorporated
ghostbusters
and ray's like are you troubled by the
sounds of two uglies bumping uglies in
the middle of the night
any guns like do you fear what's hiding
under your bed so you turn off the
lights and run to your bed so fast you
can change your name to flo joe
and then peter's like do you got some
young hot ghosts in need of some
truffling
we're ready to believe you and guess who
need to call the ghostbusters
so she calls the ghostbusters where
rey's doing his damnedest to make a real
ride out of that hoopty
and the dick is alert so they
interrogate dana and hook her up to a
lie detector thingy like she's greg faka
and the roast is a little red for her
taste
i mean they literally said in a
commercial we're ready to believe
you then you're trying to tell them
you've seen a zulu in your fridge and
they like
we don't believe you and every time my
mama see this scene she just look at
them like this
and then back in her apartment she's
like what the [ __ ] you doing now now
and he's like something perfect with my
stick and she's like
keep your hand down your pants long
enough and someday you might become
mayor of new york
so in the kitchen peter checks out the
eggs looks in the fridge but he don't
find no zoo
and she's like either i got a monster in
my kitchen or i'm completely crazy
oh girl you got a monster in your
kitchen you looking at him
poor woman already had to defeat an
alien now she's dealing with a predator
so just as they're on the verge of the
economic status we in the south call
no pot to piss in and no window to throw
it out of they get a call
work a poll and drive their hooptie
hearse to the scene of the sedgwick
hotel
where they walk in looking like they
done feed the clothes and equipment
right off some homeless astronauts
while there they almost nuke a maid
bring down a chandelier better than the
phantom and encounter and capture a big
green booger ghost
so i'm not sure if people are suddenly
feeling okay telling people they think
they saw something that might otherwise
make folks think they've been taking a
magic carpet ride
or if all the ghosts been hiding all
this time because they was trying to be
polite
but whatever the [ __ ] is going on
business is booming
and of course the two people who always
argue start to like each other
into winston then peter say something
sexy
janine to make mama look at him like
this
and because this is the reagan era the
epa are the bad guys
back in her apartment dana gets attacked
by some from the pet cemetery
then dana's nerdy neighbor lewis gets
attacked by the twin of the undead dog
so peter shows up for his date with dana
and apparently there's some dirty thing
about
keys and locks and doing the nasty and
even though peter says he's the key
master so he can get into her house
he's not the key message she looking for
lewis is
so what would have happened if they had
done the bumping the night and zoo found
out peter lied
pissed on his leg ate his face bit off
peter speeder
i mean he might deserve for showing up
for a date with sedatives
oh mama look at him like this
so the epa is back to tell the
ghostbusters that's kind of illegal to
own nuclear accelerators and it's
inhumane to store the undead in
tupperware
and egon tries to explain the dangers of
shutting down the protection grid but
they make them do it any old way
and now there will be hell to pay and
ghosts gonna roam the city all damn
day and they go to the poke while lewis
and dana
go to town you thought i was gonna say
do the poker didn't you
and to make a long story short lewis and
dana's apartment building is where
everything's been going down
including louis and dana and then this
thing right here
i know if i don't mention it all hell
will rain down upon me
so what's going on here is peter says
yes it's true
this man has no and then cause the epa
got mr pekka
and they all go catastrophizing about
how if they don't let them out of jail
murphy is
chilling don't let me go murph our pets
heads will be falling off and this is
what makes star wars sequels
and that last one sounds worse than
being inside satan's [ __ ]
inside a fiery pit inside the gates of
hell and the archbishop is like
yeah so he gives them a get yo
inside of jail free card and an army
bigger than the one on capitol hill
and as is the case with any good
catastrophe everybody got to come out
and watch it
and then they start screaming and then
they keep screaming and then they almost
die
and then they don't finally after they
trudge they mushy butts up 21 flights of
stairs they encounter ziggy stardust
who goes straight up palpatine and this
goes in the form of a sexy thing tells
them it's time to pick they destroy
and ray chooses something innocent and
cutesy because apparently he ain't never
seen night of the leapers
anything adorable when in lodge can
become some seriously freaky [ __ ]
so egon tells them the best way to
defeat this blubber butt parker is to
cross the streams of their proton packs
which he earlier told them they should
never do
which i should have mentioned earlier
but i didn't feel like it so pretend i'm
a marshmallow man and eat me
then there's a big boom boom and that
dumb somebody gets creamed
it's that dirty and then the woman gets
rescued by the name peter
and they look like they in love and mama
is seriously looking at this movie like
this
now they're all heroes and according to
the beginning of the sequel apparently
also
unemployed the end
thank you to these special marshmallowy
muffins for the monthly contributions to
myth
star kitten isabelle disney chris oh dan
w
davis c whiskey neddy j gabriella c
brian g
john k maria t college e donny b
ross grays fake cat sylvia kelly s
bethany c
carl s david m christine k o n molina s
kelly l ptf j melanie m anonymous bh
allison l autumn mim grady o carrie j
and a b
evil katrina a and cheryl and g
four movies explained fall i'm jeb
i die i ain't afraid no ghosts
stop craving up on me mama